---
title: Article
icon: ":sticky-note:"
aliases: []
foundryId: JournalEntry.xPGgYvapqmVrOD2h.JournalEntryPage.BLfdE1jyIbmSBCZW
tags:
  - JournalEntryPage
---

# Article
Godsbane (Diarama Divinei) Classification: Kingdom: Animalia Phylum: Chordata Class: Mammalia Order: Rodentia Family: Divine Eaters Genus: Diarama Species: Diarama Divinei

Physical Characteristics: Godsbane is a large, quadrupedal creature that resembles a cross between a bear and a porcupine. It has shaggy fur that is a deep blue-black color and covered in dense spines, which serve as protection against predators. The creature has small tentacles that extend from its fur and help it burrow through the ground. The tentacles are highly sensitive to the presence of Divine energy and are used to locate and extract the energy from its prey. Godsbane has a massive jaw and powerful teeth that allow it to consume the energy directly from its prey. Its eyes are large and adapted to low light conditions, allowing it to see in the dark.

Diet: Godsbane's primary source of nutrition is Divine energy. It is able to locate sources of Divine energy by sensing the magical fields generated by the presence of worship and extract it from its prey through its tentacles. Godsbane is able to consume a large amount of Divine energy in a single feeding and can go for extended periods without feeding.

Behavior: Godsbane is a nocturnal creature that is highly active at night, when the purification energy of many gods is at its lowest. During the day, it burrows underground to avoid direct sunlight and moonlight, which can burn its skin due to the purification energy. The creature is solitary and territorial, and will defend its territory against any perceived threats. It is highly intelligent for an animal and is capable of complex problem-solving. If it must be active in direct sun or moonlight, it covers itself in mud to diminish the effects.

Habitat: Godsbane is found in areas where there is a high concentration of worship, such as temples and holy sites. It burrows deep into the ground and makes its lair in the network of tunnels it creates. The creature is highly adapted to living in the dark and has developed a range of sensory adaptations to help it locate sources of Divine energy.

Conservation Status: The conservation status of Godsbane is unknown. It is believed that the creature's ability to weaken Divine spells has led to it being hunted by those who wish to protect their religious sites. However, the creature's solitary and territorial behavior, as well as its ability to burrow deep into the ground, make it difficult to study and track